---
title: An inaugural post. 
date: 2021-08-11 09:41:00 
categories: [muppet necking]    # TAG names should always be lowercase
---

# What do I call this site? A blog? 
Definitely not my first choice. Not only is it a fuck ugly word, I feel it carries a certain pre-teen baggage, bringing up terrifying memories of pizza-faced xanga blogs and livejournals. Now I'm not saying I'm better than that, quite the opposite, I just want something... I don't know. More tasteful? Something with some zest, a little based, maybe even redpilled. 

Ok well, this is the first real post on my webcodex™, and I'd like to use this grand opening to soapbox on something I feel passionate about. The Sandwich.
Now my real area of interest in the sandwich lies in the modern idea of buying food, more specifically fast food like subway. So get this, some mfs will pay 8 dollars for a sandwich they can easily make at home. I understand that the average person can't cook (although this still shocks me), but we're talking sandwiches. Stacking shit on top of each other. Legos. Blocks. Not to brag but I've been stacking shit since I was like 1. Now, have you met a 1-year-old? They're tiny smooth-brained little worm people who are basically useless but get 45 of them in a room with bread and turkey, I guarantee you've got some budding little sandwich artists in the mix. I'm not saying I'm immune to the wily charms of that way of sub. Every 6 months or so (almost always while hungover), I recollect an old memory of the smell of subway. I rarely stepped foot into this subway, and the memory is foggied by the immediate adjacency of a blockbuster, with which its own whirlwind of unique smells, combining in my mind to an almost irresistible buttery-tennisball-popcorn-vinyl-carpet smell. This smell summoning me to the nearest subway, my travel is plagued with false thoughts, planted by genetically engineered scent advertising. Oh, the sandwiches in my mind's eye during this trip are works of true beauty. Crisp lettuce, the tang of seasoned vinegar, a hint of crushed black pepper, thick cuts of premium deli meats. 

All these visions shatter immediately upon entry. Opening the door, I am greeted by the tile floors, the grout containing a thousand years of blackened filth. Approaching the line I behold a woman, barely able to fit in between the posts forming the queue, foot meat being bulging through the thong of her flip flop like a soccer hooligan's face pressed against chain link. She orders 2 footlong chicken and bacon ranch melts and begins to waddle to the exit. She enters her car and immediately she Kirby mouth vacuums both the sandwiches down into her gaping maw. I order my sandwich of choice(lettuce and mayonnaise on italian white, burnt to a crisp(blackened, cajun style)), my total somehow coming to 7 dollars, and upon retrieval, I realize the bread's closest analog is probably playdoh, and the lettuce is at least 2 weeks old judging by the flaccidity. I eat it and wish I had gotten taco bell.